Hi Jim,
 
Nice slides, but I think the main outline is way too academic. Remember, people
want to know what we have done and when we will be able to complete the project.
We should give them an impression that this topic is covered and we will produce
the result soon and that we have done quite a bit already to ensure that this will
happen. Number of muons should be more of a side issue and should not take more
than a slide or so. The general discussion really belongs more to Duncan's talk.
It is good that you think in terms of the big picture, but we still need to deliver our
piece and people want to know if they can rely on us or not.
 
I would do the following order:
 
1. Muon alignment w/ tracks versus hardware (you have it already and it is good)
2. How muon alignment with tracks is done, history of what's been already there
in CMSSW (if any and whether it was working or not).
3. Describe deficiencies of the old methods and need for generalized approach.
Mention that we were thinking first about separating muon stuff from tracks, but
the alignment group convinced us to do it their way. Note that from practical point
of view it doe not matter as we still get all the same functionality. Explain that you
were able to calculate residuals before, but the method for doing that must be
much more generic, which is really a C++ and software architecture issue.
4. Show grand scheme of the new infrastructure and explain how I works, maybe
first in simple terms, then show a slide with the technical information (your usual
diagram).
5. Remind people again as to our final goal and tell where we are now and what
remains to be done and what the plan is time-wise. We plan to start by writing
and debugging the algorithm in some simple manner, than do a full blown exercise
with deviated geometry; then same with e.g. Z->mumu events and other options
like W's (and maybe try cosmic with tracks very close to beamline to remove
effects of non-pointing back to vertex on tracking and muon reco). And that will
be pretty much it.
6. Then you can give some extra information on how many events you need
and how much time that translates to etc.
 
By the way, I am not sure I understand all what you say about the calculation
of the number of events you need (e.g. I don't know what those 8mm stand for).
I think I understand what general idea you are pursuing, but the details are not
easy to figure out from your slides.
 
Regards,
Alexei
